So let's have a look at how you can
create a site to site VPN connection in AWS.
So scroll down and under VPN,
you go and click on "Customer Gateways."
So the first step to having a site-to-site VPN connection
is to have a customer gateway that you host on-premises.
So you create it on-premises.
You can name this AWS. Okay?
And then you can specify a BGP ASN
for your gateway device.
This is advanced. You don't need to know it. Okay?
You need to specify the IP address
of your customer gateway device external interface.
So how it can be reached from AWS
into your on-premises infrastructure.
And then you would specify a Certificate ARN
which allows AWS to connect into your VPN device
on-premises and establish a secure connection.
So this is to create a customer gateway
but I won't do this because I don't have
an on-premises infrastructure to show you.
Next, we have a Virtual Private Gateway.
So you would create a Virtual Private Gateway.
And then you would use a ASN number
and it will be created on the side of AWS.
Okay? So this is now the site of AWS.
And then we need to connect these two things
and therefore we need to create
a site-to-site VPN connection.
To do so we click on "Create VPN Connection."
It is of type "Virtual private gateway."
Then you specify the virtual private gateway
that you would have created from before.
You specify the customer gateway
you would have created from before.
Then you specify a lot of options
that you don't need to know about
regarding routing, regarding IPV4,
regarding tunneling and so on.
And then you would create that VPN connection.
All this is out of scope in terms of hands-on.
For the exam, all you need to know is that
to establish a site-to-site VPN connection
between on-premises and AWS, you need to first
create a customer gateway,
then a virtual private gateway on AWS,
and then connect the two using
a site-to-site VPN connection.
Okay? So that's it. I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.